[DO] Relocating the limit increase box away from the footnotes for clarity. (#17575)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/durable-objects/platform/limits.mdx

| Feature                                  | Limit for class with key-value storage backend                   | Limit for class with SQite storage backend [^1] |
| ---------------------------------        | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| Number of Objects                        | Unlimited (within an account or of a given class)                | Unlimited (within an account or of a given class)                |
| Maximum Durable Object namespaces        | 500 (identical to the [script limit](/workers/platform/limits/)) | 500 (identical to the [script limit](/workers/platform/limits/)) |
| Storage per account                      | 50 GB (can be raised by contacting Cloudflare) [^2]              | 50 GB (can be raised by contacting Cloudflare) [^2]              |
| Storage per class                        | Unlimited                                                        | Unlimited                                                        |

> | Storage per Durable Object               | Unlimited                                                        | 1 GB [^3]                                                        |

Reviewer: Making sure you really wanted to replace 4 with 3, and vice-versa below

Author: Yup, I switched it round as 4 was appearing before 3. Thanks for checking!

| Key size                                 | 2 KiB (2048 bytes)                                               | Key and value combined cannot exceed 2 MB                        |
| Value size                               | 128 KiB (131072 bytes)                                           | Key and value combined cannot exceed 2 MB                        |
| WebSocket message size                   | 1 MiB (only for received messages)                               | 1 MiB (only for received messages)                               |
| CPU per request                          | 30s (including WebSocket messages) [^4]                          | 30s (including WebSocket messages) [^4]                          |

[^1]: The new beta version of Durable Objects is available where each Durable Object has a private, embedded SQLite database. When creating a Durable Object class, users can [opt-in to using SQL storage](/durable-objects/reference/durable-objects-migrations/#enable-sql-storage-on-create-durable-object-class-migration).

[^2]: Durable Objects both bills and measures storage based on a gigabyte <br/> (1 GB = 1,000,000,000 bytes) and not a gibibyte (GiB). <br/>

> [^3]: Will be raised to 10GB for general availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^3]: Will be raised to 10 GB for general availability.
```

> [^4]: Each incoming HTTP request or WebSocket *message* resets the remaining available CPU time to 30 seconds. This allows the Durable Object to consume up to 30 seconds of compute after each incoming network request, with each new network request resetting the timer. If you consume more than 30 seconds of compute between incoming network requests, there is a heightened chance that the individual Durable Object is evicted and reset.

Reviewer: Is `*message*` supposed to be in italics?
